Add link to the Mithril explorer (#713)
input-output-hk/mithril: docs/root/manual/getting-started/run-signer-node.md

```bash
tail /var/log/syslog
```

> 
> There is a 2 epoch delay between the signer node registering and signing the snapshots.
> Then, you should be able to see your pool's id on certificates listed on the [`Mithril explorer`](https://mithril.network/explorer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:::tip
There is a `2` epochs delay between the signer node registration and its ability to create individual signatures, as explained in the [Mithril Certificate Chain in depth](https://mithril.network/doc/mithril/mithril-protocol/certificates).
After this delay, you should be able to see your `PoolId` listed in some of the certificates available on the [`Mithril Explorer`](https://mithril.network/explorer)
:::
```
